that's your money's worth tonight yes we
did I look gross with the star-spangled
banner
Monday night Luke is the reason the
local production of the Phantom of the
Jade you do you want to say some I'm not
I'm not Jade
I am the real phantom the Phantom of the
Opera paper mask you wear it's a
perfectly legitimate phantom mask on
here in protest at Luke
groves isn't fit to wear this mask this
you know this is a sports burger at
SportsCenter I'm actually a huge fan of
the Flyers AHL affiliate you know the
Phantoms
we stand on guard
oh say can you see
oh the laptop
oh the rabbi's rewatch were sooo albums
leave leave
my
I need the words
I apologize to all the Canadians sports
their cocktail is bachi by mr. Lu we
will never be the one to get a fast
warranty of to toil change ready for a
change